# Scan Pose Ground Truth Generation

## Goal 

The goal of this repo is to create a tool for automatically generating ground truth pose of a lidar given an initial estimated trajectory and a high quality ground truth map (usually generated with a TLS such as Faro or Leica Scanner)

## Inputs
(1) GT Cloud: pointcloud .pcd format that we will use to register our lidar scans against. See example file [faro_scan.pcd](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1bAhRpu_As0sGS_tI8mjO6d2NTeJn8nDz?usp=share_link) \
(2) Initial Trajectory: initial estimate of the scan trajectory. This can contain poses in any frame as long as the frame is present in the extrinsics file. See example file: initial_trajectory_example.json\
(3) T_World_GtCloud: transform from the GT cloud's frame to the world frame, or the fixed frame in the initial poses. This can be generated by aligning the GT Cloud to a map generated with the intial estimated poses. This can be done easily in CloudCompare. See example file: T_World_GtCloud_example.json \
(4) Extrinsics: estrinsic calibrations json file. Only needed if the scan is not in the same frame as the poses. See example: extrinsics_example.json \

## Outputs
(1) gt_trajectory.json : ground truth trajectory with a pose at each lidar scan time. The frames in these poses will be consistent with those in the initial trajectory.
(2) summary.json: will contain important information such as which scans failed the registration thresholds, how many are valid vs invalid, etc.

## Methodology

TODO
